# RedditReactive

[RedditReactive](https://rjordan217.github.io/coding_challenges/reddit_integrator.html) is a light-weight version of Reddit built with React with Redux architecture that allows users to manage their Reddit subscriptions with ease.

## What It Does

RedditReactive supplies its users with an easy way to see the hottest posts on Reddit, search and view posts and subreddits, and subscribe/unsubscribe from subreddits. Due to the requirements of the Reddit API, a user can only see the hottest new links on Reddit before logging in; however, the full functionality listed above is available once the user logs in and gives the app permission to manage his or her account. The app is entirely contained in [three files](https://github.com/rjordan217/rjordan217.github.io/tree/master/coding_challenges) plus a resource directory (that stores icons and default images). "Mobile" rendering is primarily managed by a couple media queries at this stage, which really check for small window width. If the site were significantly expanded, it may be beneficial to make a mobile-specific version, but currently, mobile styling only takes up a few lines. Mobile-specific functionality is also fairly minimal, but includes the ability to collapse the top- and sidebars.

## How It Works

The application relies on the [Reddit API](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/) to serve content. The simplest call to get the trending links on Reddit's main page can be made without user authentication, but all additional functionality requires the user to give RedditReactive account permissions. Reddit will then verify the user and, assuming the user gives the app permissions, redirect back to the application with an OAuth2 token encoded in the query string of the URL. Once the application is updated with the user's token, the Redux store triggers the application to fetch the username and the user's subreddit subscriptions. Once the response is parsed, the results are displayed in their corresponding ReactDOM components. Most of these components are fitted with infinite scroll functionality. I chose to build this application with the Redux architecture, which is a paradigm for maintaining all application state in a single store. This helps avoid race conditions and makes for stricter management of application state and event dispatching. While race conditions were not a major concern at such an early stage of development, should I choose to expand the application, this could become a major boon when keeping track of a more significant state load.

## Make It Your Own!

If you would like to create your own application based on this one, just clone this repo and modify the functionality as you wish! To enable OAuth2 on your own app, simply [register the application](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps) with Reddit and then change the *CLIENT_ID* and *REDIRECT_URI* values in the /frontend/constants.js file to those supplied by Reddit. In the root directory of the project, you will need to run the `npm install` command. Webpack and Sass were used for JavaScript and CSS development, respectively, so if you would like to use any other compilation tools, that may require a bit more work.

### Future Directions

There is a lot that could be added and improved on in this application, so if you have any ideas, please feel free to reach out and help me improve this project! It was developed as part of a coding challenge, but I genuinely enjoyed the experience and would love to add some functionality and rework any features necessary to optimize UX. Some of the lowest hanging fruit that I could add is voting capabilities so that users may vote up or vote down a post. A nice, clean interface to add comments and scroll through replies would also be very nice, and another good area to differentiate this application from the somewhat aesthetically lacking Reddit UI. Finally, changing the one page app to manage content display with the React Router may be a worthwhile investment of time, particularly if the app were grown substantially such that users could look up details of particular posts or subreddits by the address bar rather than having to navigate through the site.
